{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\f0\fs22\lang9 OptionMetrics\line\b0\line Hi, my name is Charlotte, like the spider. I\rquote m a junior software engineer and for the past decade I have worked as an orchestra musician and college professor.\par
Working in the arts I learned a host of skills that I think have made me become a great programmer to work with. \par
In the orchestra, I learned to listen to and communicate with up to 60 other performers at once. Earning my doctorate, I learned to research, and as a teacher I mentored 70 students a semester. I also learned to articulate my thoughts in multiple ways so that every student could understand me. In each of these roles, being able to accept feedback was critical to my success.\par
Part of what made me good at my previous job is my aptitude for language, and it\rquote s what drew me to software.\par
In school I studied German and Latin, and at 16 I became fluent in Italian in 9 short months studying abroad. I taught myself HTML and CSS in middle school because I liked turning words into websites.\par
I was interested in your company because I participate actively in the financial markets; I have always managed my own retirement and brokerage accounts, and I"m interested in options. I saw the post for your position and I had the technical skills you were looking for, so it felt like a great fit, and I decided to reach out to you.\par
\par
\par
I became a software engineer so that I could use my skills to work on projects that would have quantifiable, and progressive impact on society. I asked to interview with you today because I was impressed by the many progressive projects you highlight on your website, and I see the opportunity to achieve my own progressive aspirations as a member of your company\par
\par
\par
**************************************************************************************\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
I became a software engineer so that I could use my skills to work on projects that would have a tangible, quantifiable impact on society. Several of my family members work for the federal government, and the US Navy. I saw how rewarding their work is, and it inspired me to apply to L3 Harris. \par
my greater passion: to help create something that will make the world a better place, and I see that opportunity in software. After graduating, I\rquote d like to join a team that shares my progressive aspirations. \par
\par
\b FAST\par
\b0 Hi, my name is Charlotte, like the spider. Before becoming a developer, I worked as an orchestra musician and college professor.\par
Working in the arts I developed a host of skills that make me a great fit for this position at FAST enterprises. \line\line In the orchestra I learned to \b listen to \b0 and \b communicate\b0  with up to 60 other performers at once. Earning my doctorate, I learned to \b research\b0 , and as a teacher I mentored 70 students a semester. I also learned to \b articulate my thoughts in multiple way\b0 s so that every student could understand me. In each of these roles, \b being able to accept feedback \b0 was critical to my success.\par
Part of what made me good at my previous job is my \b aptitude for language. \b0 Language is also what drew me to software. \par
In school I studied German and Latin, and at 16 I became fluent in Italian in 9 short months \b studying abroad\b0 . I taught myself HTML and CSS in middle school because I liked turning words into websites. \par
I became a developer so I could use my combined skills to serve the broader community. In my lifetime,  I have personally benefited from social programs and I was so excited to read about the software that FAST has created to help improve life-saving programs like unemployment insurance and child support.I want to help modernize these types of government technologies to better serve the public. I love working with people, I'm interested in any position that offers me an opportunity to experience new adventures, and I'm really excited  to hear more about your company and this position. \par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\b ALIGNITY\par
\b0 Hi, my name is Charlotte, like the spider from Charlotte's Web. Before becoming a developer, I worked as an orchestra musician and college professor.\par
Working in the arts I developed a host of skills that make me a great fit for a position at Alignity Consulting.\line\line In the orchestra I learned to \b listen to \b0 and \b communicate\b0  with up to 60 other performers at once. Earning my doctorate, I learned to \b research\b0 , and as a teacher I mentored 70 students a semester. I also learned to \b articulate my thoughts in multiple way\b0 s so that every student could understand me. In each of these roles, \b being able to accept feedback \b0 was critical to my success.\par
Part of what made me good at my previous job is my \b aptitude for language. \b0 Language is also what drew me to software. \par
In school I studied German and Latin, and at 16 I became fluent in Italian in 9 short months \b studying abroad\b0 . I taught myself HTML and CSS in middle school because I liked turning words into websites. \par
I became a developer so I could use my combined skills to serve the broader community. I want to work on projects that help improve people's lives. I'm excited to learn about the projects that engineers at Alignity work on, and the solutions you provide. \par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\b RAAISE STAFFING SOLUTIONS\par
\b0 Hi, my name is Charlotte, like the spider. Before becoming a developer, I worked as an orchestra musician and college professor.\par
Working in the arts I developed a skillset that I think make me a great developer to work with. \line\line In the orchestra I learned to \b listen to \b0 and \b communicate\b0  with up to 60 other performers at once. Earning my doctorate, I learned to \b research\b0 , and as a teacher I mentored 70 students a semester. I also learned to \b articulate my thoughts in multiple way\b0 s so that every student could understand me. In each of these roles, \b being able to accept feedback \b0 was critical to my success.\par
Part of what made me good at my previous job is my \b aptitude for language. \b0 Language is also what drew me to software. \par
In school I studied German and Latin, and at 16 I became fluent in Italian in 9 short months \b studying abroad\b0 . I taught myself HTML and CSS in middle school because I liked turning words into websites. \par
I became a developer so I could use my combined skills to help pull my community into a more progressive future. I want to work for a company that doesn't just tout progressive ideals. I want to work for a company whose mission is to actively and aggressively improve people's experiences in our communities and in the workplace. As a woman, I am looking for a safe work environment, and appreciate your company's mission to foster an environment that values the treatment of its employees. I'm excited to hear more about your company and the work that you do. \par
\b Palantir\par
\b0 I'm a full-stack developer. I studied software engineering at Tech Elevator, a coding bootcamp. Before becoming a developer I was a professor and professional orchestra musician. \par
The skills I acquired in my previous roles help make me an ideal candidate for this position as a Forward Deployed Engineer. \line\line In the orchestra, I learned to be independent and a section leader. I learned to communicate with 60 performers at once, and listen with a critical ear. Earning my doctorate I learned to research. As a professor, I mentored 70 students a semester, I learned to articulate my thoughts in multiple ways, and in each of these roles, being able to accept feedback was critical to my success. \par
I also have a strong aptitude for language. I learn new languages very quickly. In school I studied German and Latin, and at 16 I became fluent in Italian in just 9 months while studying abroad. I decided to study programming languages and become an engineer so I could use that skill to have a tangible, quantifiable impact in my career. \par
Palantir's services have enormous impact on their government and private sector clients. I've heard amazing feedback about your company from people I know who are presently employed by your company , and I'm really excited for the opportunity to be a part of that work. \par
I'm an independent person, a leader in the workplace, and I work well with minimal supervision, and I'm eager to learn more about this role. \line\line\line\b OptionMetrics\b0\par
Sure, my name is Charlotte, like the Spider. I spent the last ten years working as an orchestral musician and college professor, but I've also been coding since I was a child. I taught myself HTML and CSS in middle school, and took my first comp-sci class at Phillips Exeter Academy.\line\line In recent years I began building websites for my work, and decided to make a career out of it. Tech Elevator taught me to write better code, but the skills I learned as a musician and educator are what make me a great programmer to work with. \par
In the orchestra, I learned how to communicate with and listen to 60 performers at once. Earning my doctorate I learned how to research. As professor, I mentored 70 students a semester, and I learned to articulate my thoughts in multiple ways. The most important skill I learned was how to accept and seek out feedback. \par
But the skill that has helped me the most, is my aptitude for language. In school I also studied German and Latin, and at 16 I became fluent in Italian in just 9 months while studying abroad. This particular skill has helped me pick up new programming languages very quickly, it helps me communicate and collaborate with others, and it helps me translate my code to the people i'm working with. \par
I applied to work at OptionMetrics because a few years back, I started learning to write in ThinkScript to write trading algorithms on TDAmeritrade's ThinkOrSwim platform. I manage my own portfolio, and I'm really interested in breaking into the fintech industry, so I'm just genuinely excited to have this opportunity to speak with you and learn more about this position. \line\par
\par
\par
\b Slalom\par
\b0 Sure, well, I'm a full-stack developer, and I studied at Tech Elevator, a coding bootcamp. But, before becoming a developer, I worked as an orchestral musician and college professor.  \par
I've been coding as a hobby since I was a child, but, In recent years I began building websites for my work, and I ended up liking it so much I decided to switch careers. Tech Elevator taught me to write better code, but the skills I learned as a musician and educator are what make me a great programmer to work with. \par
In the orchestra, I learned how to communicate with and listen to 60 performers at once. Earning my doctorate I learned how to research. As professor, I mentored 70 students a semester, and I learned to articulate my thoughts in multiple ways, and I learned how to not just accept, but crave, feedback and critique on my work. \par
But the skill that has helped me the most, is my aptitude for language. In school I studied German and Latin, and at 16 I became fluent in Italian in just 9 months while studying abroad. My talent for language helps me learn new programming languages very quickly, and helps me communicate with others on my developer team. \par
I applied to work at Slalom because my dream has always been to work for a company or institution with a progressive mission and projects that align with my own ideals, and from what I can tell, Slaom is that company!\par
\b Projects:\b0\par
like Feeding America, Care, and the police transparency project for the City Of Oakland, finding patterns in breast cancer with machine learning, supporting students with data\line\par
\b Culture: \b0 Human Rights Society as one of the best places to work for LGBTQ Equality, GlassDoor rated you one of the best places to work, period. \par
Are your offices remote ? \par
Where are your offices in DC?\par
Could you tell me about the interview process?\par
Onboarding process?\par
Day-to-day life of a consulting a\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\b CERKL\b0\par
Hi, my name is Charlotte, like the spider. I\rquote m a junior software engineer and for the past decade I have worked as an orchestra musician and college professor.\par
Tech Elevator has taught me the technical skills I need to change careers, but the skills I learned as a musician and educator are what make me a great programmer to work with. \par
In the orchestra, I learned to listen to and communicate with up to 60 other performers at once. Earning my doctorate, I learned to research, and as a teacher I mentored 70 students a semester. I also learned to articulate my thoughts in multiple ways so that every student could understand me. In each of these roles, being able to accept feedback was critical to my success.\par
Part of what made me good at my previous job is my aptitude for language, and it\rquote s what drew me to software.\par
In school I studied German and Latin, and at 16 I became fluent in Italian in 9 short months studying \b abroad\b0 . I taught myself HTML and CSS in middle school because I liked turning words into websites. \par
I became a developer so I could use my combined skills to serve the broader community. I want to work on projects that help improve people's lives, and I am interested to learn more about Cerkl's mission and the people that it serves. \par
\par
\b ActBlue\b0\par
Sure, well, my name is Charlotte, like the spider. I'm a junior developer, as of this coming Friday, I'm a coding bootcamp graduate, for the past decade I worked as a college professor and orchestra musician, and, I have a strong aptitude for foreign language-- \par
In school I studied German and Latin, and at 16 I learned to speak Italian fluently in nine months while studying abroad. I figured out early on that programming languages came just as easily to me, and building websites and small programs became a sort of lifetime hobby. \par
I earned my doctorate in performance and musicology, and started my career in academia. But in the last few years, I realized I didn't want to work in higher education, and I didn't want to work full time as a performer. Instead, I wanted to pursue a career in which I could actively fight for causes that I believed in. \par
I enrolled in Tech Elevator to improve my technical skills, and become a software engineer, because engineering has enormous potential to impact people and communities, and I want to be a part of that. \par
I watched an interview in which you credited much of your success to your background and degree in fine arts, and I related pretty strongly to your experience. In the orchestra, I learned how to communicate with and listen to 60 performers at once. Earning my doctorate I learned how to research. As professor, I mentored 70 students a semester, and I learned to articulate my thoughts in multiple ways, and I learned not just how to accept feedback, but to crave it. \par
I am so glad that you are willing to speak with me today about what you do at ActBlue, and what I might do to one day become an eligible candidate for a position as an engineer on your team. \par
\par
\par
\b 3Pillar Global\par
\b0 Sure, well, my name is Charlotte, like the spider. I'm a junior developer, as of this coming Friday, I'm a coding bootcamp graduate, for the past decade I worked as a college professor and orchestra musician, and, I have a strong aptitude for foreign language-- \par
In school I studied German and Latin, and at 16 I learned to speak Italian fluently in nine months while studying abroad. I figured out early on that programming languages came just as easily to me, and building websites and small programs became a sort of lifetime hobby. \par
After earning my doctorate in performance and musicology, I started my career in academia. Part of my job involved building websites, and, while working remotely, I became extremely invested in the development of a website to host my research on women composers. \par
I enrolled in Tech Elevator to improve my technical skills and become a developer full-time. But, the skills I acquired working in the arts have arguably been even more critical to success as a programmer. \line\line In the orchestra, I learned how to communicate with and listen to 60 performers at once. Earning my doctorate I learned how to research. As professor, I mentored 70 students a semester, and I learned to articulate my thoughts in multiple ways, and I learned not just how to accept feedback, but to crave it. \par
I'm so glad that Bill put me in touch with you, and that you found time to speak with me today. I recently moved to D.C., I'm living in the Navy Yard, and I'm actively looking for new connections in my new city, employment opportunities for a new grad, and I'm really excited to speak with you! \par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
}
 